#Weekly Feedback

##WHICH ASPECTS OF THE TRAINING DID YOU FIND THE MOST HELPFUL DURING THIS WEEK?
* Coding examples during the lecture and the labs.
* Very good and thorough lectures; - Stimulating programming problems.
* I found the lectures to be most helpful during the week.
* Ive found it to be a good overview of Swift with a little using Xcode. Seems to have been appropriate pace given the range of students.
* The intensity of the program is good. The quizzes are helpful. I liked white boarding on Friday.
* The labs are the most helpful for me.
* The lectures were pretty good and the live coding was helpful. The reading matched up with the material we covered pretty well.
* The freedom we had in choosing how to solve the lab questions helped me learn a lot.
* The instructional team provides a valuable sounding board and offer up very helpful suggestions when working on the daily lab assignments.
* I like when we do the live coding.
* I think lecture and lab are both very helpful. Compared to 201/301 lecture is actually useful.
* Working with playgrounds, putting Swift into "muscle memory" by typing & re-typing. Paper quizzes are a nice break from the multiple-choice electronic quizzes, but have seen similar problems too (see below). I really appreciate the on-going commentary about real-world experiences - i.e. actual interview questions, coding problems, etc. Obvious passion Michael has for Swift and the course material. Pair programming for a change was fun and helpful learning experience
* Examples shown during lecture are extremely helpful. Also, the individual assistance provided the instructors.
* I found the homework assignments very helpful as we needed to create algorithms to solve the problems and really helped understand the Swift syntax. Also, the code-alongs during lecture are the most helpful in explaining concepts, and much more useful than going over lecture slides. I do appreciate that the lecture slides are available same day as the lecture so I can refer to them as needed for the homework/lab assignments, in addition to having them available during the lecture so if I'm jotting down notes and happen to miss something, I can refer back to the slides immediately. I do also appreciate the feedback on the quizzes to help me understand what I got incorrect, which helps me know what to re-read and understand.

##WHICH ASPECTS OF THE TRAINING DID YOU FIND THE LEAST HELPFUL DURING THIS WEEK?
* Nothing comes to mind.
* None
* I found the labs to be least helpful, I wish we had more guidance.
* Pretty happy. If pressed to answer, least helpful parts would be a few concepts I was already familiar with, but good to review and see in expanded context.
* Reading the assigned reading after having lecture on it.
* The powerpoint presentations are the least helpful for me...especially when the slides are full of definitions and other long winded paragraphs.
* The ambiguity and last-minute changes to the homework were frustrating. I think the reading schedule should be advanced by a day so that we're better prepared for the lecture, and a decent chunk should be prework. I'd already read parts of the Swift book before I was accepted into the class, and if I hadn't the first week would have been rough.
* I would have to say the reading does not have quite the impact on learning as it did in the previous 301 and 201 courses. This is largely due to the fact that lecture occurs before the reading of the same content.
* I think it would be more helpful if our reading assignment was preparing us for the next day's lessor as opposed to review of the current day's lesson.
* While lecture is very helpful I would say that the speed of covering content is a lot. We just don't have much time to cover in depth concepts.
* No introductions. Usually part of the experience to gain some insight into who is in class and why, etc. => Unexpectedly unpleasant transition from 201-301 sequence to 401 and Swift. It feels like a big hole in system that the instructor and assistant don't know any javascript and just shrug when it is brought up. With 7 people coming directly from 201 and 301, I would have expected some material addressing some of the key differences we might find as well as being able to ask questions using javascript as a frame of reference. => Some times way to fast switching between playground and back to slides. If you have any glitch (xcode crash, syntax error, some other problem), often times the source is no longer there to refer to figure out what is going on and we are on to the next topic. I really wish codefellows would invest in 2 slide projectors - one for code and one for slides as we had similar situations in 201/301 but not quite as extreme. => I feel like the reading has sometimes been trailing the lectures. I would prefer to read, then get lecture, be able to ask questions, then do related lab work. I may be off somehow but it has felt like lecture, then reading + lab afterwards. => I would have liked to have spent more time building muscle-memory in class - playgrounds &etc. => I would have benefited from getting more practice with idiomatic swift before jumping into more advanced / swift specific topics =>I think the slide decks have really re-inforced the learning pyramid from Brandi's codefellows introduction slide show as being super-ineffective, especially before we've had any exposure to the material. They are kind of poster-children for stereotypical 'bad slide design' - too many bullet points per page, way too many words per page, the headings pages are indistinct blocks of all caps, etc, etc. I often feel like I could skim the reading and generate the same slide decks and not need to have any understanding of the material. => I feel like there has been a number of logistical mis-steps this week - especially around how and when the labs &etc. get updated to github. The process has been pretty air-tight in 201/301 but something isn't working as well as it could.
* During lab, there are often times questions or problems that we need to solve that are somewhat unclear.
* The amount of reading material that was thrown at us in Week 1 was too much. I could barely absorb even half of the concepts that were introduced to us and really internalize it all. Perhaps there is a method to the madness and the "firehose" approach to learning material is the intentional strategy. Hopefully, this is the case. It was also difficult to know what to focus on the reading topics so we could adequately prepare for the daily quizzes since there was so much material to read and digest.

##DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, SUGGESTIONS, OR CONCERNS?
* The one area I'd like to see improved is have the git repo for the homework updated and ready to go by the time the lecture is over, not after lunch. I know myself and a few others don't take the full hour and want to get started, but have needed to wait or work off of old instructions for the homework.
* It's been only one week, so no real suggestions yet
* no not at the moment.
* Seems a little less polished than 301, due in part to more 301 iterations I assume. IE more short notice github repo and Canvas changes. I do appreciate that they are tweaking the flow as they learn the students' capacity and where we're at individually in progress and comprehension, just not as seamless as 301. Overall, I'm very happy so far, massive improvement over the F2 iOS last year.
* Thank you.  
* No concerns at this time. The course is challenging, but I'm finding my way through.
* I'm glad I've seen 201 and 301 instructors networking with Michael and Adam to better prepare students for this class. The Apple world has historically been isolated and maybe even clique-ish but that obviously needs to change.
* First I must commend the team for teaching what I perceive to be the most difficult language offered at Codefellows to teach. They are having to stay on top of what seems to be the most rapidly evolving language (Swift 3.0 is just around the corner) and will have to prepare us accordingly. In addition, because the course is not offered as frequently as Javascript and the very nature of its evolution, it will be difficult to predict what content needs to be included/excluded in the program. That with a TA team that had experienced a vastly different iOS curriculum, it stands to reason the challenges faced teaching this course will not be easy. With that said there are a few things that stand out that I feel need some attention. The first most glaring issue at the moment is that the code-fellows-seattle-iOS-401d6 github is not up to date. This would not be so much of a problem if the updates did not occur during or after the class has ended. We depend heavily on these resources to be as accurate as possible in order to ensure there is no confusion as to the expectations of the assignments required of us. Please if at all possible minimize the number of updates we have to pull upstream on our forked repository. Secondly, following with the github not being up to date, the lecture slides are also changing but are not always what is currently available to us to follow along with. Last Thursday, for example, had lecture material that was not included in the slides for us to follow along on. Examples were different, and content was also missing in the slides provided to us (not the same as what was being displayed). Again probably easy fix if it was updated prior to class. Third I feel the reading assignments lose their value when the content being taught comes before the reading associated to it. Psychologically what it does to me as a student is rather than reinforcing concepts it makes the assignment tedious. If I have the reading before the lecture, the reading is more engaging because it is new. It also helps me foreshadow the next lecture topics and I'll feel more confident in the lectures themselves and not feel lost some of the time. I will also have much better questions to ask for the reading discussion assignments. If it comes after the lecture, we end up having to read rather large segments of articles after spending a solid 6-8 hours learning about them before hand. As a result it diminishes the amount of attention I put towards the reading as well as retention from the reading. Lastly, and this is speaking from myself personally, I do not care if we go over the 12 o clock hour in lecture especially if the content is complex, vast, and requires taking our time. I obviously cannot speak for the class, but as mentioned before we are spending $12000 on this course and I very much would like to extract as much information from it as possible. I hope that the time constraint does not force us to rush too often, but the questions we ask often get glazed over (or out right put off) because of this. Whether it is school policy or not, I would rather delay lunch than suffer the consequence of not fully understanding the day's topics. I want to reiterate that I think Michael, Adam, Heidi, and William are doing a really awesome job. I am learning so much and having a great deal of fun learning! Everyone is so nice and helpful. It is just the small tweaks that will create a greater sense of confidence in our instructional team that need to be taken care of. Most importantly, ensuring our resources are always up to date so that there is no question of its inaccuracy.
* More of a comment for the overall space re: ping pong. I feel like the brogrammers have taken over and made a game intended as stress relief into a competitive, inclusive club in which outsiders are not invited and/on intimidated out of playing. The leaderboard and rules posted feels a bit abrasive and doesn't fit with the culture you are trying to implement. Also, there is a lot of talk about diversity when applying to CF (my 101 was taught by a woman and there was a queer identifying speaker) but that doesn't seem to translate into the day-to-day ops. Every instructor and assistant instructor has been a white male. I would love to see more of a diverse representation in the instructor teams as well as the overall leadership in general (minus the token recruiter positions).
* Not at this time.
* I have high expectations for code fellows and the 401 course and I don't think those expectations were met this week. I'm expecting a premium educational experience that is focused on identifying the course goals and delivering a fine-tuned sequence of instructional materials that enables the diverse student body to meet those goals and is able to do so with higher productivity & effectiveness than self-study. I also feel like there are a bunch of things that could be done better to improve the 201/301/401 sequence and the transition from js/html/css to ios (instructors knowing as much or more js than 301 students, better alignment between teaching methodologies and classroom logistics, etc.)
* I think it would be helpful to have our first exposure to a topic done via reading and then clarified during lecture. Right now, it seems that we get a lecture on a topic and then do a lab on the topic and then read on the topic? I think the better learning flow might be read -> explanation -> hands on experience. also, when it comes to examples shown in playgrounds in class. I think that not deleting code when starting a new example would be very helpful. It would allow us to keep running notes on all relevant information and for those that are forced to miss a class, the examples could be posted and downloaded. This could reduce the volume of questions/concerns being fielded by Instructor/assistants.
* I would like to have the lecture video recordings available to go back and watch. I know this was addressed and we'll be getting them starting in Week 2. I would also like to suggest that the reading assignments be assigned the day before the lecture so we have already have a good understanding of the material. Then the lecture will be reinforcement of those principles/ideas and answering any questions we have to fill in the knowledge gaps. 
